Add tutorial to CONTRIBUTING (#1990)
pytorch/audio: CONTRIBUTING.md

GALLERY_PATTERN=forced_alignment_tutorial.py make html
```

## Adding a new tutorial

> We use Sphinx-Gallery to generate tutorials. Please refer to [their documentation](https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/syntax.html) for how to format the tutorial.

Author: ```suggestion
We use Sphinx-Gallery to generate tutorials. Please refer to the [documentation](https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/syntax.html) for how to format the tutorial.
```

> You can draft in Google Colab and export it as IPython notebook and use [this script](https://gist.github.com/chsasank/7218ca16f8d022e02a9c0deb94a310fe) to convert it to Python file, but this typically incurs some rendering issue. So you will need to touch up.

Author: ```suggestion
You can draft in Google Colab and export it as IPython notebook and use [this script](https://gist.github.com/chsasank/7218ca16f8d022e02a9c0deb94a310fe) to convert it to Python file, but this process is known to incur some rendering issue. So please make sure to the resulting tutorial renders correctly.

Some tips;

- Use the suffix `_tutorial.py` to be recognized by the doc build process.
- When displaying audio with `IPython.display.Audio`, put one audio object par cell and put it at the end so that the resulting audio is embedded. (https://github.com/pytorch/audio/pull/1985)
- Similarly, when adding plots, add one plot par one code cell (use `subplots` to plot multiple), so that the resulting image is properly picked up.

> - Do not use `=` for section header, use `-` or `~`. Otherwise the resulting doc will have an issue like https://github.com/pytorch/audio/pull/1989.

Author: ```suggestion
- Avoid using `=` for section header, use `-` or `~`. Otherwise the resulting doc will have an issue like https://github.com/pytorch/audio/pull/1989.
```
